Let's review what we've learned in this lesson.
Machine learning models trained on features and targets.
Features can be more general than Alpha factors,
in that they can also be used for splitting on other features or vectors.
Two universal quantum features are stock volatility and stock dollar volume.
Two regime features are market volatility and market dispersion.
Additional useful features or sector or industry and also date parts,
such as the beginning or end of the week,
month, quarter or year.
Lastly, we learned to create targets by quantizing foray returns.
This makes the targets robust to changes in market regimes,
and also makes the targets [inaudible].